# cmBB
A simple yet powerful content management system for phpBB

This CMS is an extension for the popular phpBB3 forum system. It therefore requires a phpBB installation to work.

## Installation

Copy the extension to phpBB/ext/ger/cmbb

Go to "ACP" > "Customise" > "Extensions" and enable the "cmBB" extension.

If desired, set your Main website URL to < yourforumurl >/app.php/page/index
This enables the homepage listing the last 10 new articles.

## Events
I have included some template events:
* ger_cmbb_main_menu_prepend (before first main menu item)
* ger_cmbb_main_menu_append (after last main menu item)
* ger_cmbb_leftbar_prepend (before left sidebar content) 
* ger_cmbb_leftbar_append (after left sidebar content)

Further events may be requested, but addition depends on further development (extension code might change heavily in the future). PHP events will not be included at this point because of this very reason.

# Support and more information
https://www.phpbb.com/community/viewtopic.php?f=456&t=2383541


#### Below is auto-generated by phpBB Extension Skeleton

## Tests and Continuous Integration

We use Travis-CI as a continuous integration server and phpunit for our unit testing. See more information on the [phpBB development wiki](https://wiki.phpbb.com/Unit_Tests).
To run the tests locally, you need to install phpBB from its Git repository. Afterwards run the following command from the phpBB Git repository's root:

Windows:

    phpBB\vendor\bin\phpunit.bat -c phpBB\ext\ger\cmbb\phpunit.xml.dist

others:

    phpBB/vendor/bin/phpunit -c phpBB/ext/ger/cmbb/phpunit.xml.dist

## License

[GPLv2](license.txt)
